# Monoped Cartoon Animal
My zBrush Sculpting process was very good. I did take the time to mess around with Zbrush to learn the controls and where everything was located. But sculpting I felt was really good once I got the hang of it.
Re-Meshing was interesting since it was my first time using this program I was able to find a good workflow very similar to Anthonys. I would say some of the challenges were getting used
to zBrush. I felt that at times my brain would change over to Maya controls. For my model, I would say the tail was the hardest part for me getting it to curve and using all the tools that I at least know 
to make it work. Tom Brancroft's book was super helpful because it gave me a good example of expression. When I was doing my drawings I felt that is something I lacked. But after rethinking my model I felt 
that I just needed to have fun with it. But a small reflection is when I started I felt that I came a long way in a short amount of days because the program is slowly starting to click for me.  

During the final phase of the preparation process of my cartoon whale, it came out pretty good overall. I would say the only setback I had was trying to figure out the eyes but keeping them in a low poly count 
or keeping the mesh clean in other words. At first, I would add edge loops and I found that it got too crowded and not super neat. Some of my considerations for rigging are to make his body super fun to move around and maybe make the eyes their own piece but I'm not sure and I think I'll combine the body and make it into one. But as long as the body and everything else moves smoothly I think that would be good.

I would say that I'm getting more comfortable with UVs and getting those sewn and cut. I had a funny challenge that I found some hidden UVs that I didn't know that they were there. But overall I didn't have too much problem with the UV process. When it came to substance painting it's been a while so I did have to re-learn a few things that I haven't done in quite some time. But I would say the challenge that I still am having a tough time understanding is the generator. But I still need to mess around with it. From Bancroft's book, it came to me that I shouldn't texture it too much to take away from the cartoon aspect but enough
to keep its character. Since it was the first time I've used a Substance I wanted to keep it within reach.  
